long story short the tour was winding
down last time around we were in Tyler
Texas the night was over a guy walks up
to me I wish I could tell you the whole
story it was so of God introduces
himself to me says how are you doing I
just wanted to say hello I said it's
nice to meet you
he says you guys winding the tour down
where are you gonna go from here I saw
well I'm on my way back home to Atlanta
Georgia it so what's next for you I said
I'm gonna be preaching the next two
Sundays for my pastor back in Atlanta he
said oh cool what are you preaching on I
say well the series is on the glory of
God in the human body
he said that's really amazing I'm a
molecular biologist at the University
down the road he give me your talk and I
was like oh well I wasn't quite yet
ready to unload the talk for a molecular
biologist so I kind of stumbled through
what I had and he's kind of being kind
and gracious and like uh-huh that's good
and then he says well what's your big
left hook you got to have a left hook a
big finish right I said I don't have a
left hook yet he said oh Louie oh man
your left hook is laminin and I'm
totally blank on lamin and he goes Louie
it's a cell adhesion molecule protein
molecule do you know about proteins I'm
like no he said Louie cells organized
into certain molecular structures and
that determines what protein there are
there between 10 and 60,000 proteins in
the human body we don't even know how
many proteins are in the human body but
one of them is a cell adhesion molecule
it's organized into this certain
structure and that tells the cell what
its job is in the body and this one is
the cell adhesion molecule I'm like all
right he said no Louie it's like the
rebar of the human body the steel they
put in the concrete when they lay the
foundations and things it's that stuff
it's it's holding your membranes
together
it's the glue of the human body Louie
it's laminin you got to tell him about
laminin
and I'm like I promise you I'm going
home and tell them about Lebanon and I'm
sure when I do revival is going to sweep
across the church and probably around
the world when I tell him he said no no
no you got a C laminin I'm like okay
let's see it they said no no no you need
to go look it up online you need to go
Google laminin I've gotta know how to
spell laminate takes his card out he
writes on the back la mi ni in like okay
I cannot wait to get to my computer and
get on Google click on images type in
laminate and I'm waiting and these
little thumbnails come up on the screen
and I'm like
Wow that's laminin the cell adhesion
molecule bro I am so excited I am beside
myself I cannot believe what I'm seeing
I love laminin I'm so fired up you
should see laminate I guess that's the
thing right okay here is a scientific
diagram of the laminate cell adhesion
molecule that's holding your body
together right now okay this is what I
found right here
no come on that's crazy
I email it got back so fast I'm like wow
wow wow wow what in the world he said
you want to see an actual laminin
molecule like oh no man the diagram was
cool for me I'm happy with that don't
don't bother sending anything else I'm
like yes and he sends me this image an
electron microscopic image of an actual
laminin protein molecule it looks just
like this
like how crazy is that that the stuff
that holds our bodies together
that's hole in the lining of your organs
together holding your skin on it's in
the perfect shape of the cross of our
Lord Jesus Christ and immediately I'm
thinking about the words of Paul in
Colossians 1 you know this beautiful
passage were Paul's talking about the
supremacy of Christ and the sufficiency
of Christ he says for by him talking
about Jesus Christ all things have been
created things in heaven and things on
earth
all things were created by Jesus and for
Jesus but then the next verse kiloton to
say this it's crazy and he Jesus is
before all things and in him that is in
Jesus Christ all things hold together
that's right it's right there I'm like
of course they do of course they do
everything holds together in Jesus
Christ and he goes on at the end of this
paragraph and he just tells the story of
grace he says for God was pleased to
have all his fullness dwell in Christ
and through Christ to reconcile to
himself all things by making peace
through his blood shed on a cross